feat(@vtmn/css-text-input): add icons in the component (#268)
Decathlon/vitamin-web: packages/sources/css/src/components/text-input/README.md

import 'typeface-roboto-condensed';
```

## Install icons (optional)

> If you need to use React components with icons displayed (via `VtmnIcon` component or props for icons in some components), you will need to install `@vtmn/icons` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to display icons in text input, you will need to install `@vtmn/icons` package.
```

```sh
# with npm
npm i -S @vtmn/icons

# with yarn
yarn add @vtmn/icons
```

> Then, import the icon font in the entry point of your React application:

Author: ```suggestion
Then follow instructions in [@vtmn/icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vtmn/icons) : 
```

> Then follow instructions in [@vtmn/icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vtmn/icons) : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then follow instructions in [README of @vtmn/icons](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vtmn/icons) : 
```
